= Abstraction

== Answers

1. Recall that we described stacks and queues as "abstract data types" as opposed to "data structures." In what sense are stacks and
queues abstractions?
    Answer: Stacks and queues are more "abstract data types" than "data structures" because we worry more about the semantics and
    higher level ideas than the implementation details. For example, with a stack, we worry about the notions of "pushing" and
    "popping" elements off the stack, just like trays in a cafeteria. The most important concept with stacks is Last-In, First-Out,
    which is a very conceptual idea rather than hard-coding. The same goes for queues (except FIFO instead of LIFO) – abstract data
    types are "defined indirectly, only by the operations that may be performed on it and by mathematical constraints on the effects
    (and possibly cost) of those operations" – in this way, we worry more about how our operations (push and pop, for example) 
    affect the stack rather than the implementation details of how we "push" and "pop."
    
2. Recall that say is a function in Scratch. In what sense is say an abstraction?
    Answer: Say is an abstraction in that it contains a higher-level idea for the sprite to "say," or display some text that the
    user defines, onto the screen, but the user doesn't need to be complicated with the lower-level implementation details of how
    the sprite ACTUALLY says what the user tells it to say. Scratch itself is very abstract in that the user, generally someone
    new to coding, doesn't need to worry too much about the syntax or details but instead just focus on the concepts.

3. Recall that string is defined in the CS50 Library. In what sense is string an abstraction?
    Answer: string is an abstraction because at its lowest level, it's an array of characters that combine to create a "string,"
    which is basically just an easier way to refer to this collection of characters. However, at the higher-level, we don't focus
    on the array of characters (although we can and we have), we worry about strings with more high-level ideas (like strlen(), for
    example).

== Debrief

1. https://study.cs50.net/stacks, https://study.cs50.net/queues, and 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10267084/what-is-adt-abstract-data-type

2. About 30 minutes.