= Machine Learning Mario

== Answers

1. What does it mean for an algorithm to be "stateless"? In what sense is autocomplete, as implemented in Google Keyboard on Android
or QuickType on iOS, stateful?
    Answer: An algorithm is stateless if the algorithm keeps "no record of previous interactions and each interaction request has to
    be handled based entirely on information that comes with it" (see sources below). Basically, in the context of autocomplete,
    the autocomplete algorith is stateful ("keeps track of the state of interaction, usually by setting values in a storage field 
    designated for that purpose" (see sources below)) because it literally depends on the state of interaction. You can't complete
    a word without knowing what you currently have, so in order to complete the word, you must constantly check to see if the word
    has changed and give recommendations based on the current state of the word.

2. Apparent in the text representation are a number of patterns. For instance, at the bottom of most columns of text is a =. 
Identify two (2) other patterns in the text representation that a (good) machine-learning algorithm should recognize once trained.
    Answer: First: whenever there is a 'P' character, there will always be another to the right of that character (if it's the first
    one you see), and this will only ever be two 'P' characters wide. In addition, this will be a stack of P characters at least 
    two characters tall, sometimes more, but only ever as wide as the original base. Second: The '#' and '?' characters never have
    any characters other than '-' above or below them; they are only ever in rows of height one.

3. Suppose that you’ve implemented as your final project your very own search engine using the very same algorithms that Google 
itself uses. Why might Google’s search engine nonetheless be much better than yours, even with identical algorithms?
    Answer: Google's search engine might still be much better than mine because Google's search engine has tons and tons of data
    from previous searches from users all over the world, and because of this data and having stateful aglorithms, Google can use
    this data to refine the searches for different users and make their searches more accurate and more helpful (depending on the
    user). My hypothetical algorithms have none of this data – they are basically running stateless because they have zero prior
    record of data or interactions to go off of.

== Debrief

1. http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/stateless

2. About 30-45 minutes.