= SQL Sequels

== Answers

1. With what SQL query could you select from films the titles of all sequels to Toy Story, including Toy Story 2, Toy Story 3, and 
any future (similarly numbered) sequels?
    Answer: 
SELECT title FROM "films" WHERE title LIKE 'Toy Story%';

2. With what SQL statement could you insert Hannibal (2001), the sequel to The Silence of the Lambs (1991), which earned 16% more 
than its predecessor? We leave it to you to decide how to insert a percentage.
    Answer: Note: I have the 'increase' column as a text type.
INSERT INTO films VALUES ('Hannibal', '2001', 'Silence of the Lambs', '1991', '16%');

3. It turns out that each column in a SQLite database has a "type affinity," the recommended type for data stored in that column 
which can be any of TEXT, NUMERIC, INTEGER, REAL, and BLOB. But each value stored in a SQLite database has a "storage class" (i.e., 
actual type, which determines how the value is stored on disk), which can be any of NULL, INTEGER, REAL, TEXT, and BLOB. It would 
seem that NUMERIC, then, is not an actual type, just an affinity. According to SQLite’s documentation, what storage class would 
SQLite use to store the 16% you just inserted? Why?
    Answer: It would probably be stored in the storage class TEXT. This is because it is easy for "numerical data inserted into a
    column with TEXT affinity" to be converted into text before being stored, and then the '%' is easily stored. The only other 
    type affinity that would seem logical would be NUMERIC but the textual character '%' would cause problems, as you can't convert
    it to an INTEGER or REAL logically.
    
4. Notice how this table contains some data redundantly. Not only does Toy Story 2 (1999) appear as a film, it also appears as a 
predecessor, with its title and year repeated (in other columns). Suppose that this table must be dropped and replaced with (at 
least) two tables that, together, eliminate that redundancy. With what SQL statements could you create those new tables? We leave 
the tables' names to you as well as the names of the tables' columns and types thereof. No need to insert any rows into the new 
tables.
    Answer:
CREATE TABLE original_films (title TEXT, year INTEGER);
CREATE TABLE sequel_films (title TEXT, year INTEGER, increase TEXT);

== Debrief

1. https://www.sqlite.org/datatype3.html

2. About 45 - 60 minutes.
