= Stranger Things

== Answers

1. Why were so many sites inaccessible during the attack on Dyn, even though the sites themselves were not offline?
    Answer: Because Dyn is a company that provides "provides core Internet services for Twitter, SoundCloud, Spotify, Reddit and a 
    host of other sites" (see article given to us, not an outside source), the sites themselves don't need to be attacked in order
    to crash. In fact, by attacking a company that provides services to multiple large websites instead of the websites themselves,
    the hackers were able to take down multiple websites simultaneously. This is because if the provider of important services for
    a website is attacked through a DDoS and crashes that provider, then important functions on the websites the company provides
    for aren't going to function, which in a way is like crashing those websites, except with less work.

2. Why are so many IoT devices susceptible to malware?
    Answer: So many IoT devices are susceptible to malware because there are tons of devices that have access to the internet but
    are not protected by passwords and usernames because they aren't personal devices that users take the time to put passwords and
    other forms of protection on. For example, routers, security cameras, printers, and DVRs aren't devices that you would protect
    yourself because they aren't concerned about them being hacked (maybe security cameras, but a lot of people aren't concerned 
    about their DVR or printer being hacked). So, when people install these devices, they either have no passwords or factory 
    defaults, which are super easy to crack for hackers (see the list of well known passwords and admin information in the article).
    Because of this, it is super easy for hackers to "guess" the passwords for various devices and take control of them, install
    malware, and then lead to DDoS attacks like the one written about.

3. What changes must a home router therefore make to a TCP/IP packet from some device before routing it toward some server on the 
internet to ensure that it can relay the server’s response back to the same device? And when the server replies with a packet of its
own, what should that packet’s destination IP address and destination port be? Assume that the home router has memory in which you 
can store as much state as you’d like.
    Answer: The home router should change the TCP/IP packet to include it's original source port – if the packet has this source
    port, once it receives the packet back from some other servers, the packet will arrive at the home router, but because it has 
    that original source port to signify the connection between the home router and the IoT device, it will send the packet to the
    home router, which can see the source port and then send the packet to the corresponding device. When the server replies with a
    packet of its own, the packet should have its source and desintation ports switched, so that "the return traffic can be mapped 
    back to the original host address and port based on the information stored in the translation table" (see source provided to 
    question 1). This translation table is a list of all of the connections made by the home router as it changes the source
    address and source port of the connections that flow through it (this is the NAT function), which allows the router to keep 
    track of the private addresses going to its own public IP address. So, when the packet comes back, it should have the public
    IP address of the router but the original source port of the IoT device as the destination port so that the router knows how to
    put the information into the translation table, which tells it which device to send it to.
    
    Note: This page I am referencing in this answer is super interesting and very helpful – I'm sure whoever is reading this 
    understands this material very well, but it's still worth a read.

== Debrief

1. https://www.quora.com/If-two-devices-on-my-home-network-are-visiting-Facebook-simultaneously-how-does-my-router-know-which-device
-to-send-which-packets-to

2. About 60 minutes.