= Tradeoffs

== Answers

Think of a problem and two algorithms, x and y, either of which could be used to solve that same problem.
1a. The problem is I have an array of numbers and I want to search the array for a specific number to see if it is within that
array. Algorithm x is linear search, and algorithm y is binary search.

1b. What advantage does x have over y?
    Answer: Linear search is better if my array of numbers is unsorted. This means that worst-case, I check each and every element
    to see if it is the one I am searching for (O(n) and Omega(1)). This is much better than binary search, because if the list is
    not sorted, then binary search has to sort the entire array and THEN search through, which could take significantly longer than
    simply looking through the array, one element at a time.

1c. What advantage does y have over x?
    Answer: Binary search is better if my array of numbers is sorted. With a sorted array, binary search operates in O(log(n)) time,
    which is far better than the O(n) time that linear search would have to run on to find an element in this sorted array. In this
    way, binary search takes advantage of the fact that the array is already sorted, and looks left or right of the element
    depending on how large the item is and how large my desired item is, whereas linear search blindly goes through the entire
    array, even when it may not be necessary.

Think of a problem (same or different) and two data structures, x and y, either of which could be used to solve that same problem.
2a. What’s the problem, and what are x and y?
    Answer: The problem is I want to store the names of people I meet at Yale in a data structure. x is a hashtable, and y is a 
    linked list.

2b. What advantage does x have over y?
    Answer: The hash table has the advantage over the linked list in that it is far more efficient if I want to search for someone
    within my data structure. After all, say with my bad memory, I meet someone twice but don't remember if I had met them already.
    With a hash table, I can search very quickly through the structure by simply checking that address in memory for the name, and
    adding the person if they aren't there. Linked lists are very slow, and if this person was hypothetically the very first person
    I had ever met at Yale, and I had been adding new people to the front of my linked list, then they would be at the very end of
    my linked list, and searching for them would be very slow.

2c. What advantage does y have over x?
    Answer: The linked list has the advantage over the hash table in that it can add the names of the people very quickly, and it 
    doesn't take any time to generate an address for the person's name through the use of a hash function, which can take up time.
    This also makes the linked list very memory-friendly, as I am wasting little to no space in memory, because I am simply adding
    the person to the linked list.

== Debrief

1. Our section 2 powerpoint about the efficiency, benefits, and downsides of searching/sorting algorithms, and our section 4
powerpoint about the efficiency, benefits, and downsides of different data structures.

2. About 30 minutes.
